Hear what is up guys and welcome back so now in this video we will be working up in their sidebars So
I promise you guys that I will show you how to build sidebar and that is why I just wanted to show you
and Alfred that I'm going to going to show you that.
How can you add a currency converter so that if someone is from different currency he can convert to
different currency if you want to.
So we'll also be working up to that.
So as this started first of fall we have to just close all the tabs.
OK let's just come in here and let's just click this guy right here.
So this is leave OK leave.
I'm going to go to the team customize right here.
Let's open up the shop page so that we can just edit our shop page sidebar right now.
So here now you can see that we have two options to edit the sidebar.
OK we can just set it to directly from here or just we can move up with this one right here.
If you go to Detroit now open this up in a new tab and then we can also edit it from here as well.
So let's open up the theme.
Customize and let's work for the sidebar right now.
OK.
Let's wait till this is loaded.
OK so I know you guys know about the footer so you can work the footer you can create your own footer
so I don't have to show you about that but I'm just going to show you this one sidebar.
OK.
And that we're going to be working at it right now.
So here is a search recent most recent Commons archives categories and Metta I'm just going to come
here.
I'm going to delete this one let's just delete all of them.
Answer The first one that I always like always used to decide that it is the price FELTER of filler
products by price.
I just always use it so I'm just going to be using this one.
You can see it is right here and let's have a look at it.
I'm going to click here this guy right here so that we can just see it.
How is it looking so
filled up that price.
Let's just come here and let's refresh
to be here.
Filter products by price.
Ok done.
Let's add one more thing and there will be categories.
Product categories.
I'm going to add this.
Let's hit and widget.
So this is also here and this is here.
I'm just going to click here again and let's see if it appears right now.
So this is coming right here.
OK.
This is not coming filter products by price is not coming.
I don't know why it is not working here.
Yes I think the reason is that this is our normal shop base.
This is our page and we are showing this products right here.
That is why it is not working.
Well let's.
That's OK.
OK.
So let's just come here and if you want to move that card we can also show our shopping cart too if
anything is added to the card.
We can also show that shopping cart.
So let's just add this as well.
OK.
This should be right above.
So if the card is empty then leave on to hide the card.
OK.
And then we have
the products so let's show that list of products so there's going to be adding products and number of
products to show should be five and it should show the on sale products only.
So let's just save it and let's have a look at our sites or how it is looking so you can see then we
have the product categories right now.
We have products trade here and these are on sale products so if I just add any of the product into
my cart.
OK let's suppose that I add this to my cart you can see the shopping cart Villa appear here.
OK.
This is the shopping cart is looking we have to check card and check out and everything and we can now
check out to our site and and see that it will take us to the checkout page.
And now here we can check out.
And here we have to enter details and everything and then we can check out.
So this is how it works.
So now you can see that we're totally done with this or this card page and now we're going to design
our card page because you can see that if I open up any of the product.
OK.
Then you can see that this is blue and this is brown So this is not looking cool.
I just hate it.
So I want to design this.
OK let's just come here and let's just go to theme customize her to just work for that.
And now here we have to work for the common steps so
let's just come here to general settings the header and navigation for buttons
buttons and style buttons over style so we have the Burton background color OK.
And the indexed colors Feltz.
I'm just going to go with the Burton background color and I'm going to change this to
brown ok.
The text color is going to be right away.
You can see how it is looking.
And the bourbon watercolor that Burton Bartter color should be nothing.
So I don't want to show any of the border color.
Hey you can see the burden should be changed.
OK.
I'm going to go down.
And here's the icon.
So I don't want the bird an icon no icon please.
OK.
You can see everything looks cool here you can see
so we have to change the text color cells.
I'm going to change this to white.
So
and now we have to design the whole style.
So let's come here and the background color should we turn to black
OK.
Let's just make it full in Hoover's style.
This will be totally same for us.
OK.
Does the background color and the border color.
We don't want any of the borders for this so I can see how it's looking and it's going to go back and
we have everything ready.
We have the color scheme so we have that color scheme default we can choose it to be green so this will
be the color scheme you'll be green.
I'm going to use the default line.
OK.
I'm just going to go back and we have the fidgets and the menus and the homepage settings so everything
is totally coming here.
The blog we have as well and in the post we can manage it.
OK so everything is totally up and running now you can see that we have designed our buttons tab and
everything looks pretty cool.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And in the next video you'll be working up the currency converter so stadium guys and Babai.